[snippy] Update info about testing and ways to contribute (#5)
syntacore/snippy: llvm/tools/llvm-snippy/README.md

> cmake --install release/build
```

## Testing

> You can test LLVM-snippy by running LIT tests located in `llvm/test/tools/llvm-snippy`. These tests are based on the common for LLVM infrastructure including llvm-lit and FileCheck. For the additional information about LLVM testing infrastructure, please, refer to [LLVM Testing Infrastructure Guide](https://llvm.org/docs/TestingGuide.html).

Reviewer: These tests are based on the common LLVM infrastructure, including llvm-lit and FileCheck. For additional information about LLVM's testing infrastructure, please refer to the [LLVM Testing Infrastructure Guide].

Reviewer 2: I would omit "please" everywhere in any user-facing doc, there's no need for it.

Reviewer: Ok

Reviewer: Fixed

> To run testing you will need LLVM-snippy built, Python 3.6 or later and POSIX mandatory utilities (like grep, cat, etc.).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

### Prerequisites

To run tests, verify you have:

 * LLVM-snippy built
 * Python 3.6 or later 
 * POSIX mandatory utilities (for example, grep, cat, etc).

```

> 

Reviewer 2: ### Running Tests

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Running Tests
```

> Command line to run LLVM-snippy tests:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the following command:
```

```
> cmake --build release/build/ --target check-llvm-tools-llvm-snippy
```

Alternatively, you can run llvm-lit directly:

```
> python3 ${SNIPPY_BUILD}/bin/llvm-lit llvm/test/tools/llvm-snippy/
```

> We expect that all tests pass (`passed`, `unsupported` or `xfail` statuses). If some of the tests fail for you, please, let us know by [creating an issue](#contributing-to-llvm-snippy).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We expect that all tests pass with the `passed`, `unsupported`, or `xfail` statuses. If some of the tests fail for you, let us know by [creating an issue](#contributing-to-llvm-snippy).
```

Of course, not everything is covered in this quick start. We hope to publish detailed documentation soon. For now, the help command is available.

# Contributing to LLVM-snippy

Thank you for showing interest in contributing to LLVM-snippy. These are several ways you can help to make the generator better.

## Bug Reports

We want to know about all LLVM-snippy bugs: segmentation faults, poor or incorrect diagnostics, lack of randomization in the generated test, incorrectly working feature, etc. If you think that you have encountered a bug, please file an issue on GitHub. Make sure that you provide minimal description, reproduction and HEAD commit hash in the issue.

## Bug Fixes

We appreciate your desire to improve LLVM-snippy. You can start working on any open unassigned issue. A comment in the issue is enough to show that you have started working on it. If you do not have bandwidth to work on the issue already assigned to you, please let others know by leaving a comment in the issue, so it can be reassigned.

> If the fix requires design discussion please create an [RFC](#driving-a-major-feature). Anyway, we encourage everyone to provide a short summary in the issue comments before creating a PR.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the fix requires design discussion, please create an [RFC](#driving-a-major-feature). Anyway, we encourage everyone to provide a short summary in the issue comments before creating a PR.
```

## Driving a Major Feature

If you want to introduce a major change or implement a new feature in LLVM-snippy, please create an RFC first. We would like to keep LLVM-snippy community informed about major changes. We should also reach consensus on all technical and design decisions before any significant work is done.

> There is no template for an RFC, feel free to create it on your own. Though usually a good RFC contains: overview, proposal, pros and cons, implementation steps.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There is no template for an RFC, so feel free to create it on your own. A good RFC contains: overview, proposal, pros and cons, implementation steps.
```

> ## Backward compatibility

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Backward Compatibility
```

> We try to keep backward compatibility in snippy for our customers. Backward incompatible changes includes, but not limited to removal of an existing option, change of input configuration format, amends in the signatures of entry functions or globals. These changes require major release version change and must be disscussed in prior. Please, create an [RFC](#driving-a-major-feature) for such changes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We try to keep backward compatibility in snippy for our customers. Backward incompatible changes include, but are not limited to, removing an existing option, changing an input configuration format, amends in the signatures of entry functions or globals. These changes require a major release version change and must be disscussed in prior. Please, create an [RFC](#driving-a-major-feature) for such changes.
```

Reviewer 2: Also, do we call the users "customers"? I would change it to users or smth like this.

## Submitting a Patch

> When your patch is ready for review, create pull-request. We ask you to follow rules:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When your patch is ready for review, create a pull request. We ask you to follow these rules:
```

> 1. Adhere [LLVM Coding Standards](https://llvm.org/docs/CodingStandards.html) where applicable

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Adhere to the [LLVM Coding Standards](https://llvm.org/docs/CodingStandards.html) where applicable.
```

2. Run git-clang-format on your changes

> 3. Remove any unrelated changes from your patch

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Remove any unrelated changes from your patch.
```

> 4. Add at least one lit-test if possible

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Add at least one lit-test if possible.
```

> 5. Make a single commit

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Make a single commit.
```

> 6. Create a PR from your fork or use a branch that starts from `users/<username>/`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Create a PR from your fork or use a branch that starts from `users/<username>/`.
```

> You can request review by mentioning people in the PR comments. Best candidates for review are developers who have contributed in the area your patch touches. Be aware that a normal period for review is one week, so please do not ping more often.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can request a review by mentioning people in the PR comments. Best candidates for review are developers who have contributed in the area your patch concerns. Keep in mind that the usual review period is one week, so please do not ping more often.
```

> When you patch is reviewed and got approval you can merge the change. If you do not have rights, please let people know so they can merge the change on your behalf.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you patch is reviewed and approved, you can merge the change. If you do not have the rights, please let people know so they could merge the change on your behalf.
```

Reviewer 2: Also, i would definitely elaborate a bit on "people" - who are they? Other reviewers? Developers? Contributors? Otherwise, it's very confusing.

Reviewer: Maintainers.

Feel free to participate in any review you are interested in.

# Contacts

> Preferred way to interract with LLVM-snippy community is to use [GitHub issues and pull-requests](#contributing-to-llvm-snippy). However, if you want your question or suggestion to be discussed in a limited group, feel free to contact konstantin.vladimirov@syntacore.com

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The preferred way to interract with the LLVM-snippy community is to use [GitHub issues and pull-requests](#contributing-to-llvm-snippy). However, if you want your question or suggestion to be discussed in a limited group, feel free to contact konstantin.vladimirov@syntacore.com.
```

## Backward Compatibility

We try to keep backward compatibility in snippy for our customers. Backward incompatible changes include, but are not limited to, removing an existing option, changing an input configuration format, amends in the signatures of entry functions or globals. These changes require a major release version change and must be disscussed in prior. Please, create an [RFC](#driving-a-major-feature) for such changes.

## Submitting a Patch

When your patch is ready for review, create a pull request. We ask you to follow these rules:
1. Adhere to the [LLVM Coding Standards](https://llvm.org/docs/CodingStandards.html) where applicable.
2. Run `git-clang-format` on your changes.
3. Remove any unrelated changes from your patch.
4. Add at least one lit-test if possible.
5. Make a single commit.
6. Create a PR from your fork or use a branch that starts from `users/<username>/`.

You can request a review by mentioning people in the PR comments. Best candidates for review are developers who have contributed in the area your patch concerns. Keep in mind that the usual review period is one week, so do not ping more often.

> Once you patch is reviewed and approved, you can merge the change. If you do not have the rights, let maintainers know so they could merge the change on your behalf.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once your patch is reviewed and approved, you can merge the change. If you do not have the rights, let the maintainers know so they could merge the change on your behalf.
```
